OB-1334: ethnio privacy policy (#105)
akeneo/onboarder-helpcenter: content/md/retailer-onboarder/first-steps/terms-and-conditions.md

---

> id: terms-and-conditions
> themes: 
> title: Terms and conditions
> popular: false
> ---

Author: ```suggestion
id: ethnio
themes: 
title: Ethn.io Privacy Policy
popular: false
---
```

We should be more explicit into filename + it will help us to add a link into ethnio screeners (shorter one)

> # Privacy Policy for the Use of Ethn.io in Akeneo SaaS Products

Author: ```suggestion
# Privacy Policy for the Use of Ethn.io in Onboarder
```

Reviewer: @PierrickMartos will it only apply for Onboarder?

Author: No but since we are into the Onboarder section I thought it was better
